Add lifecycle to baremetal doc (#5388)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/tasks/cluster/cluster-upgrades/baremetal-upgrades.md

#### Upgrade cluster command

> * kubectl CLI: The cluster lifecycle feature lets you use kubectl to talks to the Kubernetes API to create a workload cluster. To use kubectl, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* kubectl CLI: The cluster lifecycle feature lets you use kubectl to talks to the Kubernetes API to upgrade a workload cluster. To use kubectl, run:
```

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
   ```
  As noted earlier, adding the `--kubeconfig` option tells `eksctl` to use the management cluster identified by that kubeconfig file to create a different workload cluster.

* **GitOps**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with GitOps]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-flux.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-gitops" >}})

* **Terraform**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with Terraform]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-terraform.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-terraform" >}})

  >**NOTE**:For kubectl, GitOps and Terraform:
  >

>   > You can't add additional hardware when updating workload cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  > * You can't add additional hardware when updating workload cluster.
```

  >

>   >  If you want to update multiple workload clusters, you should update them one by one, and make sure its completely up and running successfully by checking tinkerbell machines, before attempting to update the next workload cluster. Attempting to update multiple workload clusters without letting the requests complete successfully can cause hardware race conditions. In a situation where sufficient hardware is not provisioned, the creation would fail at the CAPT level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  >  *  If you want to scale up multiple workload clusters, you should scale them up one by one. Make sure each is completely up and running successfully by checking Tinkerbell machines before attempting to scale the next workload cluster. Attempting to scale up multiple workload clusters without letting the requests complete successfully can cause hardware race conditions. In a situation where sufficient hardware is not provisioned, the creation would fail at the CAPT level.
```

Reviewer: This shouldn't be changed to scale up as this section talks about kubernetes version upgrades right?

Author: yes, that what I meant, update includes other changes like lable/taints/k8s version

Reviewer 2: My fault. Sorry. I copied and pasted from the other section. I thought the note was the same.

  > 
  > This also applied to sending upgrade requests to the same workload cluster.

* eksctl CLI: To create a workload cluster with eksctl, run:

  ##### With hardware CSV
  
  ```

>   eksctl anywhere upgrade cluster -f cluster.yaml --hardware-csv <hardware.csv>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    eksctl anywhere upgrade cluster \
         # --hardware-csv <hardware.csv>  \  # uncomment to add more hardware
         -f cluster.yaml 
```
We could do that same thing here. Drop "With/Without Hardware CSV..." and use one example.
